"Emotional pain is not something that should be hidden away and never spoken about. There is truth in your pain, there is growth in your pain, but only if it’s first brought out into the open." - Steven Aitchison
"Not all battles are visible and neither are the victories." - Brittany Burgunder
"The advice I’d give to somebody that’s silently struggling is, you don’t have to live that way. You don’t have to struggle in silence. You can be un-silent." - Demi Lovato
"You are not alone. You are seen. I am with you. You are not alone." - Shonda Rhimes
"It is during our darkest moments that we must focus to see the light." - Aristotle
"Talk to yourself like you would to someone you love." - Brené Brown
"One small crack does not mean that you are broken, it means that you were put to the test and you didn’t fall apart." - Linda Poindexter
"Your present circumstances don’t determine where you go; they merely determine where you start." - Nido Qubein
"You don’t have to control your thoughts. You just have to stop letting them control you." - Dan Millman
"There is a crack in everything, that’s how the light gets in." - Leonard Cohen
"Deep breathing is our nervous system’s love language." - Dr. Lauren Fogel Mersy
"Happiness can be found even in the darkest of times, if one only remembers to turn on the light." - Albus Dumbledore
"Just because you don’t understand it doesn’t mean it isn’t so." - Lemony Snicket
"There is hope, even when your brain tells you there isn’t." - John Green
"Self—care is how you take your power back." - Lalah Delia
"My dark days made me strong. Or maybe I already was strong, and they made me prove it." - Emery Lord
"‘Positive vibes only’ isn’t a thing. Humans have a wide range of emotions and that’s OK." - Molly Bahr, LMHC
"Nothing can dim the light that shines from within." - Maya Angelou
"You, yourself, as much as anybody in the entire universe, deserve your love and affection." - Buddha
"Your mental health is everything – prioritize it. Make the time like your life depends on it, because it does." - Mel Robbins
"Sometimes the people around you won’t understand your journey. They don’t need to, it’s not for them." - Joubert Botha
"Take your time healing, as long as you want. Nobody else knows what you’ve been through. How could they know how long it will take to heal you?" - Abertoli
